Documentation for HA - Compute Isolation (#1104)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/configuration/pages/jet-configuration.adoc

Each job has job-specific configuration options. These are covered
in detail in xref:pipelines:configuring-jobs.adoc[].

> === Isolated Jobs

Reviewer: We need to consider the terms we want to present to the users. `Isolated Jobs` are specific to our internal discussions; user-facing API don't contain any mention of  `Isolated Jobs`

Author: I've replaced all with job placement

> === Job Placement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Job Placement Control
```

Author: Updated

To activate isolated jobs, your license key must include `Advanced Compute`.

> To isolate computation from storage, you can define the location for Jet jobs. This means that you can manage your workload without worrying that the Jet processing jobs starve resources from your storage components.

Author: Rejigged

NOTE: Your storage components still need to serve the data and this has some impact on their resources. Before using isolated jobs, ensure that the processing element of the job is substanitally more resource-intensive than the data retrieval element. 

> Use the `JobBuilder` API to define the default behaviour for your isolated computing. For further information on `JobBuilder`, refer to the link:https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/latest/javadoc/com/hazelcast/jet/JetService.JobBuilder.html[API Reference, window=_blank].

Reviewer 2: Users do not need to define a `JobBuilder` API, this is internal and an implementation is already provided. Users simply need to provide a `JetMemberSelector` implementation in the builder, as done here with a provided selector implementation for lite members only: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-code-samples/blob/master/jet/wordcount-compute-isolation/src/main/java/com/hazelcast/samples/jet/wordcount/WordCountWithComputeIsolation.java#L99

Author: Updated

> You can override this configuration when you submit your job from the Hazelcast client. For more information on submitting an isolated job, see xref:pipelines:submitting-jobs.adoc#isolated-jobs[Submitting Jobs].

Reviewer 2: Changing the selector requires re-submitting the job, so I don't think this qualifies as "overriding"

Author: Reworded

> To activate job placement, your license key must include `Advanced Compute`.
> 
> Job placement allows you to define the members to use for Jet job processing. For example, you can manage your workload without worrying that the Jet processing jobs starve resources from your storage components.
> 
> NOTE: Your storage components still need to serve the data and this has some impact on their resources. Before using job placement to manage the workload, ensure that the processing element of the job is substanitally more resource-intensive than the data retrieval element. 
> 
> You can define the placement of the job using the `JetMemberSelector` parameter of the `JobBuilder` API. For further information on `JobBuilder`, refer to the link:https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/latest/javadoc/com/hazelcast/jet/JetService.JobBuilder.html[API Reference, window=_blank].
> 
> You can resubmit the selector configuration when you submit your job from the Hazelcast client. For more information on submitting a job on specific members, see xref:pipelines:submitting-jobs.adoc#isolated-jobs[Submitting Jobs].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To activate job placement control, your license key must include `Advanced Compute`.

Job placement control allows you to define the members to use for Jet job processing. For example, you can manage your workload without worrying that the Jet processing jobs starve resources from your storage components.

NOTE: Your storage components still need to serve the data and this has some impact on their resources. Before using job placement control to manage the workload, ensure that the processing element of the job is substantially more resource-intensive than the data retrieval element. 

You can control the placement of the job using the `JetMemberSelector` parameter of the `JobBuilder` API. For further information on `JobBuilder`, refer to the link:https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/latest/javadoc/com/hazelcast/jet/JetService.JobBuilder.html[API Reference, window=_blank].

You can resubmit the selector configuration when you submit your job from the Hazelcast client. For more information on submitting a job on specific members, see xref:pipelines:submitting-jobs.adoc#isolated-jobs[Submitting Jobs].
```

Author: Updated
